Clarify mediation jury selection in `Beatmap Veto` (#10457)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators/Beatmap_Veto/en.md

During mediation, the randomly selected jury of Beatmap Nominators and members of the NAT will vote for whether to uphold or dismiss the veto anonymously. Once initiated, this process can take anywhere from a day to a week depending on how quickly members of the jury make their decisions.

> This jury consists of 20% of the total number of the BN/NAT, with a minimum of 11 members. The jury also excludes the vetoing BN, the nominating BNs, the beatmap creator, and the beatmap guest difficulty creators.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
This jury consists of 20% of the total number of the BN/NAT, with a minimum of 11 members, excluding the vetoing BN, the nominating BNs, the beatmap creator, and the beatmap guest difficulty creators.
```
